Two things to specify to make doc more clear (#3125)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/x509certificate-authenticator.md

    - Organization Name (eg, company) [Internet Widgits Pty Ltd]: WSO2
    - Organizational Unit Name (eg, section) [ ]: QA
    - Common Name (e.g. serverFQDN or YOUR name) [ ]: wso2is.com 

>         (Please pay special attention to the CN field, as the **CN** has to be the same as the **username** of the user that is trying to log in in the future)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        !!! note
            Note that the **CN** value has to be the same as the **user name** of the user that will try to log in in the future.
```
